chore: add keypair doc on bech32 (#16324)
MystenLabs/sui: sdk/docs/pages/typescript/cryptography/keypairs.mdx

const keyPair = Ed25519Keypair.deriveKeypair(exampleMnemonic);
```

## Deriving a `Keypair` from a Bech32 encoded secret key

You can derive a `Keypair` by converting the 33-byte secret key encoded in Bech32 string to a 
`Uint8Array` and passing it to the `fromSecretKey` method of a `Keypair` class.

```typescript
import { Ed25519Keypair } from '@mysten/sui.js/keypairs/ed25519';
import { decodeSuiPrivateKey, encodeSuiPrivateKey } from '@mysten/sui.js/cryptography/keypair';

> const encoded = encodeSuiPrivateKey([59, 148, 11, 85, 134, 130, 61, 253, 2, 174, 59, 70, 27, 180, 51, 107, 94, 203, 174, 253, 102,39, 170, 146, 46, 252, 4, 143, 236, 12, 136, 28], 'ED25519');

Reviewer: Might be a stupid question, but if the Bech32 secret key is 33 bytes, and the `encodeSuiPrivateKey()` accepts 32 bytes, which byte should we omit?

Author: see in the function documentation: encodePrivateKey takes a 32-byte array and a signature scheme

```
/**
 * This returns a Bech32 encoded string starting with `suiprivkey`,
 * encoding 33-byte `flag || bytes` for the given the 32-byte private
 * key and its signature scheme.
 */
export function encodeSuiPrivateKey(bytes: Uint8Array, scheme: SignatureScheme): string {
	if (bytes.length !== PRIVATE_KEY_SIZE) {
		throw new Error('Invalid bytes length');
	}
	const flag = SIGNATURE_SCHEME_TO_FLAG[scheme];
	const privKeyBytes = new Uint8Array(bytes.length + 1);
	privKeyBytes.set([flag]);
	privKeyBytes.set(bytes, 1);
	return bech32.encode(SUI_PRIVATE_KEY_PREFIX, bech32.toWords(privKeyBytes));
}
```

Reviewer: Thanks!

const {schema, secretKey} = decodeSuiPrivateKey(encoded);
// use schema to choose the correct key pair

> const keypair = Ed25519Keypair.fromSecretKey(secretKey);

Reviewer 2: We should really make `getSecretKey()` and `fromSecretKey()` match.  I think it would be reasonable to detect if the provided secretKey is a string starting with suiprivkey and decode it automatically here

Author: you mean, change the fromSecretKey to take in a string instead of a bytearray? the getSecretKey() does return the Bech32 string, fromSecretKey takes the raw 32 bytes and creates the keypair based on the concrete type

Reviewer 2: Accepting both the bech32 string and the raw bytes should work, that will be backwards compatible, and still make it easy to re-create an exported keypair

Author: ok, we can address in a separate pr, here i just want to make sure we have docs on this

```

> See [more](https://github.com/sui-foundation/sips/blob/main/sips/sip-15.md) in SIP-15 for additional context and motivation. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [SIP-15](https://github.com/sui-foundation/sips/blob/main/sips/sip-15.md) for additional context and motivation. 
```

const keyPair = Ed25519Keypair.deriveKeypair(exampleMnemonic);
```

## Deriving a `Keypair` from a Bech32 encoded secret key

You can derive a `Keypair` by converting the 33-byte secret key encoded in Bech32 string to a 
`Uint8Array` and passing it to the `fromSecretKey` method of a `Keypair` class.

```typescript
import { Ed25519Keypair } from '@mysten/sui.js/keypairs/ed25519';
import { decodeSuiPrivateKey, encodeSuiPrivateKey } from '@mysten/sui.js/cryptography/keypair';

const encoded = encodeSuiPrivateKey([59, 148, 11, 85, 134, 130, 61, 253, 2, 174, 59, 70, 27, 180, 51, 107, 94, 203, 174, 253, 102,39, 170, 146, 46, 252, 4, 143, 236, 12, 136, 28], 'ED25519');

> const secret = 'suiprivkey1...';
> const {schema, secretKey} = decodeSuiPrivateKey(secret);
> if schema = 'ED25519' {
> 	const keypair = Ed25519Keypair.fromSecretKey(secretKey);
> }

Reviewer 4: Maybe do something like this?
```suggestion
const {schema, secretKey} = decodeSuiPrivateKey(encoded);
// use schema to choose the correct key pair
const keypair = Ed25519Keypair.fromSecretKey(secretKey);
```
